well this is an exciting way I mentioned
this last night on our show there's a
kid from the Little League World Series
who made a very big impression not only
on me but on the world watch this that's
Big Al the edge dingers and he is
standing by with us in in Cooperstown
New York right now I'm doing well is the
reason you're in Cooperstown because
you're being inducted into the Baseball
Hall of Fame I wish how old are you
Oh 12 12 years old what grade are you in
I'm gonna go into seventh grade when I
was in sixth grade are you surprised by
how many this is a viral video now and
millions and millions of people have
watched you say I'm Big Al and I hit
dingers it woke up one day who came up
with the line I'm Big Al and I hit
dingers I did I was really shocked me my
teammates couldn't believe it then we
just started it we just work here was a
good idea you didn't run it by anyone
before you said it
no who gave you the nickname Big Al my
dad my grandpa my grandpa was big out
but I was little Oh
is that is that your only nickname or do
you have others oh you do what are some
of your nicknames cookie in trade Oh
sauce Oh prisons oh why do they why they
call you cookie what is cookie about um
I kind of hurt myself before practice
one day and I had a wrapper first cuz I
put a cookie in the microwave with a
plastic plate and ain't no one that goes
that does not work are you happy with
your current parents because my wife and
I would love to adopt you we have a
really nice room in our house you do
okay hitting dingers for those younger
little leaguers out there who might want
to learn keep your fun children try your
best and just keep right on the ball and
are you on steroids of the juice maybe
apple juice or fruit juice anything like
that no you did you look at Catholics
you do like apple juice have you
considered a run for mayor in the town
where you live you have not what do you
want to do what do you want to be when
you grow up and I will be star oh you
want to be a baseball star
and what position do you play
surveys picture and love you all right
so you're moving all around the field
are you excited to go back to school
when the school start you got the home
run derby coming up when is that
tomorrow yes so tomorrow's the Derby
you'll be competing against the other
kids well we'll be rooting for you for
sure
Thank You Jean thank you world series
they've asked you to sit in on the
broadcast isn't that correct yep Wow
Big Al you are a phenomenon if you ever
change your mind about your parents I
hope you will give me a call all right
thanks
[Applause]
congratulations on making it to the end
of the YouTube video why not celebrate
by clicking the subscribe button you
earned it